README.md, before:

# Project Repository

This homework is done as a group. You will be creating your team repository.

You should do the following:
- Create a repository for your team with a license and a .gitignore file.
- Construct an initial README file that describes the problem you are addressing (but not necessarily how you will address it). Include at least one image and a link to another web page.
- Create a Docs folder, and in that folder create a file named data.md. The document should have the following sections:
  - Requirements. List the kind of information required to answer the questions described in the README file.
  - Sources. List the data sets that you are considering using, their content, and their availability.
  - Evaluation. The core part of this section is a table that analyzes the choice of data. The columns of the table are data sets described in the "Data" section. The rows are requirements of the data based on the questions you want to answer. You should complete the cells in the table.
  
Each person in the team should make at least one commit to the repository.

Rubric. Items 1-4 are group grades. Item 5 is an individual grade.
1. Created repository with all team members as collaborators, and README file describes the questions addressed by the project. (1 pt)
2. data.md has a Requirements section with appropriate content. (1 pt)
3. data.md has a Sources section with appropriate content. (1 pt)
4. data.md has a Evaluation section with appropriate content. (1 pt)
5. You made a commit to the repository. (1 pt)

Commit message:

added description of project question with links to webpage and image

README.md, after:

# Project Repository

# NeuroLit
Our group aims to implement machine learning to examine the relationship between qualitative survey responses given by parents/guardians and the quantitative reading skill of their children.  Data from the [UW Reading & Dyslexia Research Program (UW RDRP)](https://github.com/UWSEDS-aut17/uwseds-group-neurolit.git) will be used, along with neuroimaging data from a subset of research participants.  

Data is stored in a UW accessible repository via RedCap
![RedCap](https://github.com/UWSEDS-aut17/uwseds-group-neurolit/blob/master/Images/redcap-logo-medium.png)



# The Assignment
This homework is done as a group. You will be creating your team repository.

You should do the following:
- Create a repository for your team with a license and a .gitignore file.
- Construct an initial README file that describes the problem you are addressing (but not necessarily how you will address it). Include at least one image and a link to another web page.
- Create a Docs folder, and in that folder create a file named data.md. The document should have the following sections:
  - Requirements. List the kind of information required to answer the questions described in the README file.
  - Sources. List the data sets that you are considering using, their content, and their availability.
  - Evaluation. The core part of this section is a table that analyzes the choice of data. The columns of the table are data sets described in the "Data" section. The rows are requirements of the data based on the questions you want to answer. You should complete the cells in the table.

Each person in the team should make at least one commit to the repository.

Rubric. Items 1-4 are group grades. Item 5 is an individual grade.
1. Created repository with all team members as collaborators, and README file describes the questions addressed by the project. (1 pt)
2. data.md has a Requirements section with appropriate content. (1 pt)
3. data.md has a Sources section with appropriate content. (1 pt)
4. data.md has a Evaluation section with appropriate content. (1 pt)
5. You made a commit to the repository. (1 pt)
